# RSA-Breaking-Shor's-Algorithm
This is a practical implementation of Shor's Algorithm to break our RSA encryption layer.
RSA stands for Rivest, Shamir, and Adleman, the brains behind this encryption technology. This technique uses algorithms to secure data encryptions, and is one of the oldest to do so. RSA has the ability to use modern computers to encrypt and decrypt messages. The RSA encryption is an asymmetric cryptographic algorithm. The RSA is like the google of security systems. It is used for specific security systems and protects sensitive data, especially when being sent through the internet. Quantum hacking and cryptography pose a sizable threat to the RSA security since QC enables encryptions to hack through the RSA algorithm. To conclude, quantum encryption software has the potential to hack through the RSA security.

Because of the advanced technology it comes with, QC breaks cryptographic regulations, giving hackers the power to gain control over sensitive information such as the RSA. Quantum cryptography allows anyone to gain access to highly encrypted data by decrypting virtually impossible mathematical codes.   ‍

Shor’s Algorithm ‍

Shor’s Algorithm factors numbers in polynomial time. Modern classical computers are not able to use this algorithm because the numbers are too large to factor out. Shor’s algorithm is mainly made for the use of quantum computers. This is the encryption algorithm that can defeat the RSA. Once quantum computers are feasible, Shor’s algorithm can be used to hack into the RSA and other secure data forms. Shor’s algorithm was invented for integer factorization in 1994. This algorithm is based on quantum computing and hence referred to as a quantum algorithm. The algorithm finds the prime factors of an integer P. Shor’s algorithm executes in polynomial time which is of the order polynomial in log N. On a classical computer, it takes the execution time of the order O((log N)3).
If a quantum computer with a sufficient number of qubits could operate without succumbing to quantum noise and other quantum-decoherence phenomena, then Shor's algorithm could be used to break public-key cryptography schemes, such as the widely-used RSA scheme. RSA is based on the assumption that factoring large integers is computationally intractable.
